## Introduction
2D game with keyboard and mouse controllers. This
would be a 2D laser shooting game , where you fire laser
beams from a canon on the left to targets that are ran-
domly dropping from the top of screen. There should be
some mirrors placed in the path where laser rays can be
Laser Canon Mirror reflected.

##Compilation
1)make clean
2)make
3)./sample2D

##How to play
To start the game do ./sample2D
after that welcome screen will be there. do Y to start the game.
After that bricks with green,red or black start droping in random directions.
Do R to pause.
move either with mouse by selecting cannon and baskets.
Try to shoot black bricks with cannon and earn points.
Collect Similar color bricks in correspoding baskets.
After each 500 score Stage with be increased.
after 5 stages u will win the game.

##Rules

1)Basket with different colors:-10
2)Baskets with same colors:50
3)Baskets with black color:-20
4)Laser with black:5
5)Laser with red:-5
6)Laser with green: -5
Life Available:5
Life reduced by 1 in above cases excep 2 and 4.
4 mirrors available for reflection at 45,60,120,150 degre

##Sound
	Sound available:breakout.mp3 played during games

##Controls
There should be two sets of controls, one using the key-
board, and one using the mouse. 6
You should be able to tilt the canon upward and down-
ward using the keys (a and d) and move it up and down
using the keys (s and f). Use the keys (n and m) to in-
crease or decrease the speed of bricks falling (within the
permissible limits). Left and right movement of baskets
can be controlled with Ctr+left and Ctr+right (for the red
basket) and Alt+left and Alt+right (for the blue basket).
The left/right arrow keys should be used to pan the scene
and the up/down keys to zoom in and out respectively.
One should be able to shoot with the space bar.
One should also have mouse controls to achieve the
above. You should also be able to select any movable
object by clicking on or near it (highlight the selected ob-
ject). Then you can move baskets left or right and canon
up and down by dragging. Use the position where you
click to decide the direction of the shot. Use the mouse
scroll wheel to zoom in and out. Use the right mouse but-
ton to pan left/right when you click and drag.



